hey guys but it's John and today I just
wanted to give you another tutorial and
this is going to be how to build and
it's a arrow cannon and basically use
TNT tissue arrow with up in the air in
it and it's quite cool belt it's not
very useful to be honest it does the
arrows can hurt monsters yourself and
sheep and pigs and whatnot but and let's
get started first of all when it they
take a 2 by 3 cold there and then I'm
going in a bucket of war I'll put it in
this corner and I'm going to use
redstone and basically this is redstone
by the way it and it doesn't look like
it because I got different texture pack
on like I've said before but I'm gonna
leave it around here and stop in the
middle there and then I'm going to use
put down a block there it looks really
stupid but it works and and I'll put
another one there and I'll use erase one
again and feed the rest of up to top
here there we go and he forgot about
this you need to Britain plate here or a
switch or a button and but I just I like
using the wooden plate because it's easy
to use you just walk over it by enemy
and last I will come and finished and to
work it basically you just put TNT there
and TNT there and then you press above
but the TNT will fall into there
and now for you an example of it
shooting arrows into the air okay now
I've got a bow and some arrows and I'm
gonna do what we did before
TNT they're in there but this time I
want to use bow okay so when the 20 you
will drop into there both the until will
be there then the arrows will be shot up
in the air quite high and here we go oh
there are ways in that direction the
direction in which they go in is very
random they could go straight along
there and straight up straight in that
direction just any direction basically
but it's not I don't think you can
really control which direction new but
yeah that's how it works and that's how
you build thanks for watching guys and
see you there